 “It was said: The assumption made by some of them that he was crucified does not undermine their faith—so long as they did not distort what the Messiah brought, but rather affirmed that he was a servant of God, His messenger, His word which He cast unto Mary, and a spirit from Him. In that case, their belief that he was crucified does not invalidate their faith. For this is merely a belief about the manner of his death; and the furthest meaning of crucifixion is that it would have been a form of killing. And the killing of a prophet does not nullify his prophethood. Indeed, the Children of Israel killed many prophets. God the Exalted said:

“How many a prophet fought, and with him were many godly men…”
(Āl ʿImrān 3:146)

And He said:

“Muhammad is but a messenger; messengers have passed away before him. So if he dies or is killed, will you then turn back on your heels?”
(Āl ʿImrān 3:144)

Likewise, the belief of those among them who thought that he came to them after being raised up, and spoke to them, is similar to the belief held by many Muslim shaykhs that the Prophet (ﷺ) came to them while they were awake. They are not declared unbelievers for this. In fact, some of the people who held this belief were among those who followed the Sunnah and followed him (the Prophet ﷺ) the most, and were greater than others in asceticism and worship. Some people would come to him thinking he was the Messenger of God. This was merely an error on their part and does not render them disbelievers.

Similarly, the belief of those disciples who thought that the one they saw was indeed the Messiah does not expel them from belief in the Messiah, nor does it undermine what they transmitted from him. 
And when ʿUmar (may God be pleased with him) believed that the Prophet (ﷺ) had not died but had gone to his Lord, as Moses had gone, and that he would not die until his companions had died—this was not something that harmed his faith. It was only a mistake, and he later retracted it.” 

Source : (Majmu al Fatawa, Ibn Taymiyyah, Volume 13)